Read Aloud

It is never too late to learn a language. You can start at any age. There are many reasons to study a new language. Maybe you want to speak with your family or friends. Maybe you want to study abroad. Or maybe you just want to travel. Some people study a language because they like the way it sounds. Other people study because they like the food or the culture.


Many people experience culture shock. It happens when you move to a new and different culture. You have to make a lot of changes and you may feel nervous and confused. You have to meet many new people .Often times you must learn a new language. It is a very natural feeling and usually it does not last long. The longer you stay in the new culture, the more comfortable you will feel.

Tennis is a popular sport. It is fun to watch and fun to play. It is also great exercise. You can play tennis with a friend or  with a few friends. Both men and women like to play tennis. The game has no time limit,so games can sometimes last for  hours. It is hard to find a good tennis court, but you can play it on the grass.

Exercise is very good for your body. It's important to be active everyday. There are many ways to exercise. You can walk, run or play a sport. After a Workout, many people feel happy and relaxed. They are usually very healthy. People who workout do not get sick often. They also sleep better because they fall asleep quickly and wakeup rested.

A lot of people use email to communicate. There are many benefits to using email. First, it is very fast. When you send an email, it can travel across the world in seconds. Second, it is good for the environment because paper is saved. Also the fuel needed to deliver paper mail is saved. Finally it is very easy to use. All you need to know is how to type.

With the help of technology, we are able to predict the weather. Before technology, people had to use other means. Some people used cows. They thought that if a cow is lying down, it will rain within twelve hours. Before it rains, the air pressure changes and becomes lower. Cows may feel pain in their joints because of the change. Therefore, they will lie down.

		Salads are delicious. They are also healthy. It is easy to make salad. You can make a salad with only lettuce	 and tomatoes. Good tomatoes are very red. You should wash them in water first and you want to use a sharp knife to cut them. Salads taste very good with dressing. You can put the dressing  on top of the salad or on the side.
